# WWDC

---

- <a href="https://youtu.be/q5D55G7Ejs8">Youtube</a>

## Introduction
- WWDC is designed to give this community what they need to do their very best work.
- `Support our developers` beyond WWDC with comprehensive world-class support and other important initiatives.
    - brand-new Developer Center across from Apple park where developers can engage with Apple's engineers.
    - online <a href="https://developer.apple.com/kr/tech-talks/">Tech Talks</a> for developers to learn more about our new technologies and directly connect with Apple engineers.
- `Cultivating the next generation of developers`.
    - including efforts to reach underrepresented communities.
    - The academies 17 around thw worlds including Detroit as a part of Apple's Racial Equity and Justice Initiative.
        - In Saudi Arabia, launched first developer academy for women.
    - <a href="https://developer.apple.com/entrepreneur-camp/">Entrepreneur Camps</a> provide developers with mentorship, inspiration, and insights
        - Past year, the first were for female founders.
        - expanded the camps to reach Blac and Latin founders.

---

# iOS

- Together with iPhone, iOS helps you get so much done.
- <a href="https://www.apple.com/kr/ios/ios-16-preview/">`iOS 16`</a>, offers new intelligence, sharing, and communication features that are going to enhance.
    - `The all-new Lock Screen`. 


        - The Lock Screen is a place where you can check the date, time, key messages and launch the camera.
        - It's just as much a place for **personalization** where you put a photo that makes iPhone uniquely.

            <details>
            <summary> 잠금 화면 편집 기능들 </summary>


            1. 잠금 화면 <ins>***꾹 누르면***</ins> 편집 가능

            2. <ins>***Swipe***</ins> to try out different styles that automatically change that 색깔, 배경, 폰트

            3. All I need to do is <ins>***tap on any element***</ins> of the Lock Screen to start editing.

            4. <ins>***두 손가락으로 터치***</ins>시 element 이동 가능

            5. <ins>***Widgets***</ins> are useful for getting information at a glance.

            6. Bring up our brand-new wallpaper gallery which <ins>***showcases a bunch of options for inspiration***</ins>.
                - There are planty of choose from here.
                - Photo Shuffle, Suggested Photos, Weather & Astronomy, Emoji, Collections, ...
                - It can <ins>***animates fluidly as I swipe into the Home Screen***</ins>.

            7. For developers, <ins>***WidgetKit***</ins> makes it quick and easy to put information.

            8. <ins>***Notifications***</ins> now roll in from the bottom.

                - <ins>***Live Activities***</ins> : staying on top of things that are happening in real time.

                - **For developers**, <ins>Live Activities API</ins>

                - ex) NBA game, Uber ride, NRC
                    - Music controls can expand to a full screen view.


            </details>

            <details>
            <summary> Updates with `Focus` </summary>

            - Focus has helped people reduce distractions. And this year, taking it further.

            - These updates help you draw boundaries and find balance throughout all of the moments in life.

            1. <ins>***choice of multiple Lock Screens***</ins> tied to a particular Focus.(특정 집중 모드)
                - this means that with just a swipe, you can activate your Personal Focus.
                    - Showing dedicated Widgets, Notifications, Home Screen
                    
            2. `Focus filters`, which let you filter out distracting content.
                - ex) In Safari, Instead of seeing all of your websites, you can turn on the 'Work' Focus filter and ***see only the tabs that relate to work.***
                - also in Messages, Mail, Calendar.

                - **For developers**, <ins>Focus filter API</ins>
            </details>
    

    - `Messages`
        
        - It's integral to how we communicate with the people who matter most.

        - **Three Highly-requested features**
            1. 보낸 메세지 수정 가능
            2. 보낸 메세지 취소 가능
            3. 읽은 메세지 안 읽음 표시 가능

        - **Share with You in Messages**
            - Photos, links, music can be shared and highlighted in Messages.
            - <ins>Share with You API</ins> is available
        
        - **SharePlay**
            - Sharing in real time with others.
            - awesome SharePlay experiences within Facetime
                - 메뉴 눌러서 공유하고 싶은 어플 실행 및 새로운 앱 탐색.

        - **SharePlay in Messages**
            - You can watch in sync, and you've got the same instantaneous shared playback controls.

    - `Dictation`

        - Dictation can be much faster than typing with the keyboard.
        - Dictation is userd over 18 billion times each month.
        - All-new on-device Dictation experience
        

            - <ins>fluidly move between voice and touch</ins>

                - Starting dictating, the **keyboard stays open**.
                - I can even select text and **replace it just by speaking**.
                - **Automatically adds punctuation and emoji.**
            
            - <ins>Easier Siri with Apps</ins>
            
                - **App Intents API**
                - Zero setup.

            - <ins>Live Text</ins>

                - Letting you **interact with text in images** across the system.
                - ex) Camera, Safari, Notes, Screenshots.

                - <ins>Live Text in video</ins>
                    - You can pause a video and interact with text.

                - you can use Live Text while in the Translate Apps with our camera. 

                - **Live Text API**

        - <ins>Visual Look Up</ins>

            - a feature recognizes objects like pets, landmarks, plants, and more, and gives you more information.

            - When you touch and hold on the subject of an image, you can **lift it away from the background and place it in apps** like Messages. (Awesome)

    - `Wallet`
